What are you talking about?
I don't understand
You better not understand.
I advise you
At Luo's house, I want to clip into the tail village teacher
So as not to follow in the footsteps of Bryn Hong
Expelled from the Luo family
Parents who died tragically
My mother has passed away
Please keep your mouth shut.
I scolded him, what can you do?
Hide from my house
You can't turn the sky
How did you come
Lin Nian didn't expect it to be delivered so soon
Daughter is hooked
Madam I saw it with my own eyes
Someone knocked on the window door
The relationship between the two is very close to the people
Take care of this for me
No one is allowed to speak their mouths
Do you hear me?